## Meeting

Introduce:
1. Validator
   1. Validator is a middleware that validates the request body, query, and params.
   2. I have created a validator in `src/validators` logic, which contains the reusable validator functions. Those functions can be used in combination to make a validationMiddleware for your features
2. Auth Middleware
   1. I set the basic auth middleware in `src/middlewares/auth` logic, which contains testing data for each of our request(find the first user), after Daniel finishes the token management, we can replace the testing data with the real token.
3. Routes
   1. Please put your routes in the `src/routes` logic, and import them in the `src/routes/apiRouter.js` file.
4. Rebase before PR
   1. Every one should rebase before PR, and make sure the code is up to date with the main branch.
5. Use different data base
   1. All of us should use different database, so we can test our feature without affecting others. I have created the different database for each of us, just need to replace the `MONGODB_URL` in the `.env` file. And replace: `onboarding-portal` after the `mongodb.net/` to your name. For example, `MONGODB_URI=mongodb+srv://<username>:<password>@main-cluster.xfcw7.mongodb.net/liam?`. And the database name option should be:
   2. `liam` for Liam
   3. `yuqing` for Yuqing
   4. `nicolas` for Nicolas
   5. `baoshu` for Baoshu
   6. `daniel` for Daniel
6. data seeding
   1. I have created the data seed script in `src/scripts` folder, and created the command in `package.json` file. You can run the seed script by `npm run seed` command. Or you can run `npm run seedUsers` or `npm run seedPersonalInformation` to seed the user or personal information data separately.
   2. Please created and submit the data seed script for your feature, so we can test the feature with the real data.

Others:

Solve the Github issue
Distribute the HR tickets
Discuss about the frontend standard

## Daily Plan

### Liam

1. Finish the React Layouts, including the navigation logic and check for code splitting
2. Finish the Personal Information React Page
3. Start working on employee summary - HR page
  
### Yuqing Yang

1. Finish saving file path to MongoDB
2. Implement file displaying  on page

### Nicolas
1. finish the housing backend
2. facility report backend

### Baoshu

1. finish the backend logic of onboarding application
2. And finish the dynamic form for frontend

### Daniel

1. Work on token management with cookies.
2. Implement double token authentication.

## Progress
   
### Liam

1. Onboarding Application Model, Personal Information Model and Visa Management Docs Model
2. Personal Information controllers and bunch of validators, and Validation Middlewares
3. Finished the Personal Information API, run the basic test on postman
4. write data seeding script for user, personal information
5. 20% of React Layouts, including the styling and theme setting for MUI 

### Yuqing Yang

1. Almost done the file uploading
2. Almost done the page redirection
3. Setup for AWS S3

### Nicolas

1. working on housing/ facility report

### Baoshu

Find out the way to handle dynamic form

### Daniel

Implemented basic registration and login functionality with data verification.