## Progress

---
   
### Liam

1. MUI Theme Setup, overriding the theme or styling of MUI components
2. Redux Toolkit Setup
3. Axios Client and API URL Configuration
4. Application Router Setup
5. Auth Guard for Private Routes
6. User Data Fetching on App Initialization
7. Lazy Loading and Basic Page Loader
8. Bunch of custom Hooks
9. Application Layout: Onboarding Application Layout, Main Layout and Auth Layout, Error Layout
10. Navigation Setup, including the nested navigation (dynamic navigation not implemented yet)
11. Styling Enhancements: Styling all the layout components, test the repsonsiveness
12. Logo and Branding: different sizes of logo and variants based on the screen size
13. Page and Component Setup: Menu items setup, empty placeholder pages for each feature
14. Implemented the UI of personal information page (logic not implemented yet)
15. Form Wizard Example for onboarding application
16. Common Component: Multi functional table component
17. Generate API and schema Docs Portal

---

### Yuqing Yang

1. completed page redirection (visa user page) 
2.  Completed HR display and make feedback (visa user page) 
3.  S3 file uploding and retrieving. 
4.  Made 404 route.

---

### Nicolas

1. Finished the backend pr for housing and reporting
2. Finished the employee front end functional part


---

### Baoshu

---

### Daniel

1. Implemented token management with cookies.
2. Completed double token authentication.

---

## Daily Plan

### Liam

1. Implement the personal information page logic
2. Initialize the Angular - HR portal: Setup NgRx, Angular Material, Routing, Lazy Loading

---
  
### Yuqing Yang

1. Finished the HR Visa management functionalities

---

### Nicolas

1. fixing small issues in the front end
2. developing hr functional part

---

### Baoshu

1. Work on the frontend and remaining tickets
2. Start work on the HR part

---



### Daniel

1. Work on integrating the authentication logic with the frontend.
2. Get started on remaining tickets

---

## Meeting

1. Layout
2. React Router workflow
3. React Redux-toolkit workflow
4. Wizard form workflow