## Team - Progress

1. We are missing the comment feature - Liam and Nicolas are working on it, will by done by today.
2. The housing logic for both side is finished, including the facility report part. The UI for the React is done. The Angular part is still in progress by Nicolas, he will finish that by today.
3. The HR visa management page is still in progress by Yuqing. Basically he finished HR approved logic full-stack, HR can now display all the pending document and corresponding employee. The reject and feedback feature is working now, will be done by today.
4. The Baoshu is working on fix some logic error for the onboarding part, he will finish the react part for today. And for angular is not much work left, he will start to work on that tomorrow
5. The authentication for both side is done. Also Hr is able to send registration email to employee. Daniel is working on Email history part page


## Progress and plan
---
   
### Liam

#### Progress

1. Code checking
2. Fix github issues
3. UI for housing - employee side
4. Fix the housing bugs
6. fixed theming issues for HR and logout function

#### Plan

1. Coding checking
2. Comment frontend for both React and Angular part
3. Start to working on slide template for team - We will using canva
4. Maybe the Angular UI for housing or onboarding

---

### Yuqing Yang

#### Progress:

1. HR document preview
2. Display pending document
3. HR approval

#### Plan:

1. HR Rejection
2. HR Search
3. Styling

---

### Nicolas

#### Progress

1. Finished the function part of the Hr portal Angular
2. Add getHouseById controller and route in the back end.

#### Plan

Will work on comments backend and some of the UI in Angular

---

### Baoshu

### Progress

#### Backend modification requirement

[x] Use a single PersonalInfo record for each employee (OnboardingApplicationModel.js, PersonalInfoModel.js)
[x] Create onboarding application when HR creates a user account (authController.js - register function)
[x] Allow saving draft applications for caching purposes (onboardingController.js - saveDraftApplication)
[x] Implement proper workflow for application submission and review (onboardingController.js - submitApplication, reviewApplication)
[x] Fetch application by ID (for HR review) (onboardingController.js - getApplicationById)

#### Plan

1. double check with Liam for the React and backend
2. angular part for onboarding.

---

### Daniel

#### Progress

1. user registration is functional

#### Plan

1. HR email history record page

## Meeting

## New demo
